# Software Engineering

## Group 101 Meeting 2

### 11/10/2023

#### Attendees

-   Maneesh, Simardeep, Fee Kim, Emily

#### Agenda

-   Follow up on what has been done
-   Close any completed issues
-   Text standups expectation before the next meeting

#### Notes

-   Since the VM can only be updated on 11/10/2023 at 5pm, most work has been done locally
-   Maneesh and Simardeep have finished cleaning up the URL's and revamping the API to not use query parameters anymore (changes will be pushed @ 5pm)
-   Sara will begin working on the UI Saturday morning and plans to be done by the end of the day
-   Emily and Fee Kim have brainstormed how they will implement the changes for the API in order to get recommended courses, will start coding after the VM changes are pushed

#### Next Meetings Agenda
-   Follow up on what has been done, close issues, add more if needed
